Improvement/a11y Send Link divider header level (#1513)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: CHANGELOG.md

- Internal: Remove `image_quality` breakdowns from `sdk_warnings` response because the field will be soon deprecated.
- Internal: Moved `geckodriver` from `dependencies` to `devDependencies`.
- Internal: Added ability to run tests without the use of the mock server for the UI tests.

> - UI: Accessibility - Change Cross Device Send Link alternate options text an ARIA heading level 2

Reviewer: I'm not sure I get this sentence.

Maybe:

```suggestion
- UI: Accessibility - Change Cross Device Send Link alternate option text to be an ARIA heading level 2
```

Author: Basically trying to say that this text is a ARIA heading level 2. In the code it's referred to in the copy keys as `get_link.link_divider`.
<img width="534" alt="Screenshot 2021-07-21 at 12 20 08" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2497081/126480891-dd752268-05ec-4815-a81c-c0ac613d92c1.png">
